the manic art is césar data that the
handicraft program that we have of
white we go back and in five minutes
what's up kids all good all
correct and I am happy for the
title of this direct video but what
cojones is happening here
and then the seamstress comes back in
in the cabin and says there will be no
psychologist who will cure you if not the end and
you only need the first part
will be very afraid and guys look at that the
pp have returned to faith
we finished earlier than expected no
you're right the apple how they go to bed
to have apple we are left without
words how nice
this guy seems a little weird
you arrive in time to take a
milk cupcake warm
yesterday's training
training but everything started
very simple I had gotten up early
to help Isabel get her
investors
and I told him that there was no problem for me
you speak to me and reached that point I decided
stop smoking I have the free agenda
commitments look and take a look is me
It has happened to do a few
prototypes when you choose your favorite
we will design your table to scale
and next to a box of scorpions I think
that I wanted to bring seeing is not running and
if we already finished with this
Teach us the little ale but do not
you expect too much of them what is
what's up with them so we can go around
to think those heads are not good
the almonds
it's an almond you eat now I understand
what you say does not look like Serbian squirrels
or is it true in Beijing and if not in little
and now society when you see a
person
to me ask me and it was
how it started on the 10th and I lost where it is
Now welcome back agent bill
you had a pleasant day off
well I tell you there is a crisis in
danville that could destroy the essence
of our own existence has never
there was a greater threat and fucking mother
and surely you want me to explain it to you
there is no shortage of peaches in tandil
and we've found out that behind it
is 2000 to find out what it is that
plot
Carampa yes he is in a hurry the time was
happening and that's when I get
Candasinos visit a more taught to be
a lioness and that's thanks you 're
doing we are talking about what
we did yesterday
then it's like 12 months but do not say
nothing else until we come back and that goes for
You will also have said it ironically
for the dies
or the partridge the platypus forgot me
many times of what you are about
everything after dealing with the agent that
they sent in your place yesterday that is in the
debate contest and in that area the
people are on top of your head you are already
10 and how is life
towards this branch hello guys very well
what is it all for is ran in your
clown face I love stories
they are not simple stories but a whole
revelation that everyone has finally
come to the musical part of the
history we had decided that it was already
in teaching the squirrels and the
girls
good
Buford taught the squirrels to
watch I am like not carrying the letters
what do you have if that's why I work so hard
cadets and now they come down from the tree no no in
a head first when they speak to you
you understand the words well
you have seen those guys love that
you shit
are you going to punish them ok wait is worth it now
The truth is that I loved that
teaches 6 to some poor are in theory
abandoned and lost the support 6
life I feel very proud of you
if you're in luck
I do not hear you the first heaven
and
if not
yes
when I arrive
the people
the bar
for him
for me
yes
and what is it
Y
and me
5th June
Y
i
in the same
you are buy tell your taste
that road stopped